There was a time when you could say,
"I'm just going to punt on tech and
focus on industrials and consumer and
whatever." I think you have to be a tech
person today. It's such a it's a big and
growing and compounding part of the
economy. It affects everything else.
Hold on to your seats [music] because
things are only going to accelerate from
here. You have to figure out the things
that are most important and most
relevant. Maybe that's where the human
element comes in to understand and to be
able to make those tough trading
decisions when fundamentals are going
one way and stock prices are going the
other way. What a awesome opportunity to
be able to incorporate everything that
you can possibly know about the world
that's relevant. [music]
>> [music]
>> Dan, we've only been trying to do this
for six years.
>> Yeah, welcome. [laughter]
I've been excited to finally chat with
you about all things markets. It's such
a crazy time. And I was I was walking in
here, I'm like, what am I actually the
most curious about as it relates to how
Dan runs his life? And one of the
questions is the simplest which is in
this time where there's more information
than you could ever read literally what
does your day look like to stay up to
speed on all the investments that you've
made the investments that you could make
like what is your like today even just
take today where it's the end of the day
today how did you decide what to read
who to talk to how do you stay on top of
the fire hose
>> I I I wish I could say I have a claude
code that is organized all the
information in one place and I go
through it all. But, you know, I uh
check the news and see what's relevant
for the economy and and what's relevant
for our positions. I try not to get too
obsessed with the minute-to-minute stuff
because that will drive you crazy. I try
to be a little more tactical than
strategic. But people will ask me about
like macro, what's important? And I
think when think people think about
macro, they think about all the typical
stuff that the government reports,
growth, unemployment, inflation, rates,
currencies, or where was gold? Where's
crypto? And I think that all that stuff
is trumped right now by two things.
>> Where's oil and that's going to be
dictated by what happens in the war and
geopolitics and what's happening with AI
both on the spending front uh
infrastructure and what's the impact of
that going to be on society and on the
economy. So those are the main things
I'm focused on really trying to deeply
understand
>> and and what is your model of both of
those things like what what would
everyone's talking about this all day
every day so like obviously these are
two big issues do you feel like you need
to have a just a clear view or a
differentiated view like how do you
process things as big as this where
probably no one person can understand
the whole thing
>> you know I'm not like natively a tech
person but I think given where the world
is today I think there was a time when
you could say I'm just going to punt on
tech and focus on indust industrials and
consumer and healthcare or whatever. I
think you have to be a tech person
today. It's such a it's a big and
growing and compounding part of the
economy. It affects everything else. So,
I think as best as I can, I try to talk
to smart people regularly. Jensen has
laid out well and everybody kind of
talks about the AI stack, you know,
starting with uh power and energy at the
bottom and you know chips and
infrastructure and moving up through LMS
and software and applications and how
that plays through. And I think that's a
good mental model to just think about
all of it. And we've and we've played
different elements of that through
industrials and infrastructure and
hyperscalers and things like that, but
Look, I think right now I mean the sock
the socks is up 40%. I I don't think
I've ever seen an event like that. In
fact, if you just go back a few years,
semiconductors were kind of left for
dead. They were like roadkill in the
market. Like people were just not um
thinking about them at all. And I think
that all changed when Nvidia reported
its March results three years ago. And I
think you either were there or it's okay
if you weren't. you could quickly play
catchup
and that was the big event and now of
course it's sort of thinking about you
know the Nvidia the tranium and the TPU
ecosystems and how those play out and
relative strength and how that plays
through the different hyperscalers and
then of course the foundational models.
I I try to think in terms of
that stack, but I also think about
what's going on in the probably the
three most consequential companies
today. Nvidia,
Anthropic, and Elon World, you know, all
of his companies collectively. I think
there's a lot of ways to uh look through
the prism, but for me, that's been an
effective way to kind of think about how
things flow through.
>> How would you describe yourself as an
investor? You have an early reputation
for being this incredibly precise um
ability to go through through things
with sort of a forensic lens as an
activist early in your career, but now
third point is is sort of a a much
bigger, broader, more diversified
collection of, you know, 25 billion or
so of assets. How do you think of
yourself as stylistically as an
investor? So the the roots of Third
Point really come out of my experience
as a credit investor and my time at
Jeffre. And Jeff was like my uh
laboratory for studying some of the best
investors.
And my clients were people like David
Ter
uh at who had not yet started Appaloosa
but started Appaloosa. guys like Eric
Mitch who ran the trading desk at
Goldman, firms like Angelo Gordon,
Fereralon.
So I
was able to watch firsthand like how the
best I guess at that point we would call
them either distressed debt or event
driven or risk arbitrage investors. So
my natural first lens was to think about
credit but on the equity side to think
about it
in terms of a hierarchy and a mental
model. I completely thought about it
through the lens of event- driven
investing. So merger arbitrage a little
bit off to the side because that's uh
less directional. But on the non-merger
ARB part, which is really just a
mathematical exercise in earning a
return and the risk that you're taking.
But terms of a fundamental investment
lens, I I think it would be best
characterized by those types of firms.
And the best book, which I think is
still relevant today, would be Joel
Greenblat's book, the classic uh You can
be a stock market genius. I think the
original title was you can be a stock
market genius even if you're not that
smart. I think he took the
>> cut it down a little bit.
>> He took he took the that that part out
because investors don't like to think of
themselves that way. But a brilliant
book and most of the people I know in
that world kind of use that as their as
their framework. Talked about things
like spin-offs,
demutralizations,
privatizations,
postreord equities. And that's how I
thought about things. like I I was
totally unfocused on
business quality,
the moat, return on capital. I barely
even thought about relative multiples
for different kinds of businesses. All I
thought about is am I buying something
really cheap that has the following
characteristics?
a a new security is often created
which is priced and valued at a very
cheap price because of a lack of
liquidity. So when a large company or
any company spins off a subsidiary,
especially in those days or part of the
business,
there's a new stock being born. Uh the
existing investors at that point in
time, especially usually mutual fund
types or folks that didn't want to uh
for whatever reason, it maybe wasn't in
their sector, um they just weren't doing
the work. So it would just routinely
sell it. So there'd be this sort of
liquidity gap. And if you could figure
out the value of the business, those
tended to be good good trades. And that
was exacerbated by the fact that the
management teams would go out in the
case of a spin-off and do a road show
that would present a very conservative
view. Some might even say sandbag the
numbers. Why? Because people are always
creatures of incentives.
Their incentive package would be set at
the time of the spin-off.
So they would come out very
conservatively.
Um, but there's more. The companies
themselves were inefficiently operated
within these larger businesses. So
margins were lower than they should have
been.
Sales were probably less. The management
team didn't have the incentives to
really optimize the businesses. So that
was an incredible business model. And
that dynamic that I just described, it
applied to spin-offs. It applied to
privatizations. It applied to
demutualizations. It applied to newly
created companies like Visa or
Mastercard. So that was a beautiful
business and it was sort of under
appreciated for a long long time and you
could generate really excess returns.
And then we would take that
basic framework and start applying it to
other things like um the synergies that
come when you combine two companies in a
major merger. You know something like
Union Pacific North Southern things like
that. from 1995 when we started the fund
probably up until the early
uh 2013 to 15 that was our bread and
butter and how we thought about
investing
>> and what changed in that era and how
would how would you describe that
landscape today? Like does does Joel
Greenblat's book still uh as valuable as
it was when you first read it? Meaning
are there are there opportunities like
that that still exist? Are they too
small for someone like you as an
example?
>> No, they they ex they they still exist
all the time. The real opportunity
today is kind of o overlaying that
uh understanding those types of
opportunities
and looking for uh something that
combines that with business quality
lens. So let's talk about how my
business evolved
and how we evolved. I think if you look
at a lot of the people who
have underperformed or haven't survived
the last decade or so when people are
really stuck on the idea of of deep
value low multiples and being really
stubborn about how they viewed
businesses and less flexible about
moving into higher multiple companies or
growthier companies. We basically just
started to look at companies that grew
faster, that had better returns on
capital, that were quote unquote quality
businesses. That kind of opened up a
whole new world for us. So I would call
that kind of the other significant part
of what we do, which was would be
quality investing, thematic investing,
and that's when we started to organize
our team around industry experts and
less generalists and less around the
transactions. And if I uh would suggest
a couple of books, I'm sure people have
mentioned them and you may have I think
you may have even interviewed some of
the people who wrote them. Two of the
most consequential books that I read
that had the most influence on me in
that area. The outsiders.
>> Sure. Wealth our next book. Yeah.
>> So it talks about them more from the
perspective of the managers who
understand capital allocation along with
great operations. So companies like you
know Danaher, Transdime and and others.
The most influential and eye- openening
book to me was this book quality
investing by Cunningham.
And that I think really lays out the
idea of super highquality businesses
with good modes and high return on
capital and that you might want to own
for many many years. Now, what happened
last year was really interesting because
a lot of these companies that appeared
to be super high quality, it's probably
the worst year and going into the
beginning of this year because the
disruption of AI, a lot of these
apparently highquality companies um very
rapidly became less. So, most software
companies try to maximize your time on
their app to juice engagement. RAMP does
the exact opposite. RAMP understands
that no one wants [music] to spend hours
chasing receipts, reviewing expense
reports, and checking for policy
violations. So, they built their tools
to give [music] that time back using AI
to automate 85% of expense reviews with
99% accuracy. And since Ramp saves
companies 5%, it's no [music] wonder
that Shopify runs on RAM, Stripe runs on
RAM, and my business does, too. To see
what happens when you eliminate the busy
work, check out ramp.com/invest.
Felix by Rogo is a personal finance
agent that turns a single prompt [music]
into finished client ready work using
your firm's own templates, context, and
standards. Send Felix an email like,
"Take these comments and turn them for
me or update my tracker with the context
of these [music] emails." Or, "Run the
ability to pay math on this buyer and
Felix sends back finished PowerPoint
decks, Excel models, and sourced
research." Felix works the way your team
already does, delivering work quickly
and accurately around the clock. Learn
more at rogo.ai/felix.
[music]
OpenAI, Cursor, Enthropic, Perplexity,
and Verscell all have something in
common. They all use Work OS. And here's
why. To achieve enterprise adoption at
scale, you have to deliver on core
capabilities like SSO, skim, arbback,
and audit logs. That's where work OS
comes in. Instead of spending months
building these missionritical
capabilities yourself, you can just use
work OS APIs to gain all [music] of them
on day zero. That's why so many of the
top AI teams you hear about already run
on work OS. Work OS is the fastest way
to become enterprise ready and stay
focused on what matters most, your
product. Visit works.com to get started.
One of the most distinctive things about
you and the business is how much of that
you've done, how much changing of your
stripes are evolving of your strategy
you've done relative to others. And I'm
curious, I'm assuming that's going to
have to keep happening. The world's
going to keep changing probably at a
faster clip even than before.
How how have you done that? And how do
you think about the conditions or the
cultural touch points or like what what
is the key to doing that well across 30
years now for you? I I I remember in
I was in a room. It was a dinner in
Davos, which I don't go to anymore. It
was a Goldman Sachs dinner and Eric
Schmidt was there and gave it gave a
talk. And you go back to around 2013, it
was a time of when you look back at it,
it was almost quaint in terms of the
technological innovation. This was
probably around the time that maybe the
Uber app, it was around the time that
the Uber app came out and the iPhone
was starting to
>> explode. Yeah.
>> Explo I say explode, but it was starting
to come up with some interesting apps
which were starting to be adopted. The
SAS revolution was sort of at the front
end. Companies like Microsoft were
starting to find their footings. Think
about all the period from the.com bubble
through the uh GFC. The '9s were a time
of incredible techn technological
innovation and yes stuff was happening
but it wasn't I don't think we felt
there was a lot going on. There are
other things going on
um in those years but it was you know
the sexy industries at times were
natural resources, energy, financial
services. So he said to the room, it it
will be your natural tendency to think
that this
increase in technological innovation and
disruption and change that we've been
experiencing for the last couple years
is an anomaly and that things are going
to go back to a kind of a steadier type
of innovation and growth. Hold on to
your seats. Goes things are only going
to accelerate from here. And he was
really right. And I think you could have
said that again in 2017.
You could have said it again in 2020. I
think you can really say that right now.
Like it has just continued to
logarithmically
accelerate and we're going through
something now where we're at the front
end of AI. But I just think we're just
going to have to learn to live with
this. I don't know that ev from an
evolutionary standpoint, our brains have
been able to deal with things like
social media and some of the other
changes. I it's going to take a lot of
work for us to just prepare ourselves as
a species and even mentally how to
ingest all this information. And Brad
Gersonner uh talks about this book uh
>> essentialism.
>> Essentialism
>> and I think we also
have to adopt this idea of essentialism
because you can't do it all. You have to
figure out the things that are most
important and most relevant to what you
do.
>> I was going to ask like imagining 5
years hence or you know pick your period
of time when it seems that we're
destined for a world where no human will
be anywhere near as good at ingesting
you know pattern recognition synthesis
of data analysis this sort of stuff like
you could argue it's already here if you
had the right like pipeline set up and
the right data. What will be the role do
you think of capital allocators in that
kind of environment where I think about
like your early letters that you wrote
to some of these companies where you
really had to pick your way through data
sets and information and do some gum
shoe type work um to find the data and
that was you could earn a ton of alpha
that way. Seems like we're destined for
a world where like if something is
accessible by a computer that's over. So
what will be the remainder job of the
capital allocator do you think?
>> I honestly I have no idea. I don't even
know what it's going to look like in 6
months or a year from now. I think we're
okay for the next couple of years. I
think companies will need to raise
money. The securities that are created
from that will need to change hands
somehow. People want to save. People
want to invest. People need to borrow.
And I think you always need some human
interface in the middle of that. But how
that's going to I think it's highly
unlikely that there will be a completely
you know AI managed capital system is
your sense that there is a lot of
opportunity to earn great returns still
in this environment like the fact that
socks is up 40% this year like it's
we're several years into everyone kind
of being aware that this thing is a is a
big trend and yet you know still these
things were up tremendously in year
three or four.
>> I talk a lot about investment books. I
think there there's so much wisdom in
books for investing like one of my
favorite books reminiscences of a stock
operator guy who wrote it quotes uh I
think it's from Ecclesiastes which says
there's nothing new under the sun and
human nature the question is will AI
take human nature and the flaws
in human emotion out of the investment
process
because there is a lot of um or might
the AI even adopt some of that in under
the under the name of you know risk
management or managing downside or
whatever. I mean in theory I guess it
could take it out but if you go back to
the it will test the theory that there's
nothing new under the sun and the thing
that that doesn't change is
>> yes
>> hysteras
uh bubbles
um panics and just the extremes of human
nature both optimistically and
pessimistically
I mean you think about just this year
why is the socks up so much well it's up
so much because all the evidence has
pointed to
the fundamentals in
um semiconductors, semi-cap equipment,
memory, everything around it being super
strong. So what happened? Expectations
were too high
and in the same way that
Nvidia in after Q1 three years ago had
this monster quarter people piled on.
and it kept going up.
You had uh a couple of quarters in a row
where it put up solid numbers, then
shockingly good numbers and the stock
tanked and then the whole sector went
down and I think people were just
scratching their heads saying why is
everything why the numbers look so good
and numbers keep going and and stock
prices keep going down. And then the
same thing happened with Micron. They
had a phenomenal quarter up 80%.
You know, way ahead of expectations. The
stock went up a little bit because
expectations were too high and then it
went down. Now that happens a lot.
Happened to Meta a couple of years ago.
They put up a good quarter. Um stock
went up was like wy coyote. There was no
one else to buy the stock. get tanked
and you know so those things happen and
I think that's what you know maybe
that's where the human element comes in
to understand and to be able to make
those tough trading decisions when
fundamentals are going one way and stock
prices are going the other way and to be
able to take the pain of losses in the
short run. Um, I think you have enough
the advantage that that someone like me
and someone like me being a fundamental
investor who doesn't make trading
decisions based on computers, but
[snorts] is that there are still a lot
of market irregularities caused by some
very good strategies, but collectively
they create these anomalies. So you have
quants and CTAs, you have pods, you
know, let's just talk about them for a
second. They have a great strategy for
them and their investors, but it causes
some unusual behaviors because
fundamental investors believe that when
you know, as Warren Buffett would say,
if a stock goes down, you celebrate it
because it's a chance to buy more at a
better price. They have uh risk metrics
wi which have forced selling on the way
down. And so they do the opposite of
what it might be rational for their
business model, but it's not rational
for long-term investors. So you have a
lot of these things that will continue
to create opportunities, I think, for
fundamental investors.
>> So it's so interesting to imagine where
the source of potential outsized returns
are human behavior, which as you said,
maybe that changes how much that impacts
prices and structural things like like
these. and absent those two, maybe it
would be a less exciting market or
something like that.
>> Yeah. But then, you know, you'll have
corporate transactions
that will create opportunities. It feels
like there's always something. Uh
there's failures, there's credit cycles,
there's bankruptcies. Um it's hard to
imagine the computers sitting on a
creditor's committee and working through
the capital structure and being able to
transact. If you think about a continuum
of public securities and private equity,
the AI will not do private equity. You
always need people to do deals. I think
you will. And then you have the kind of
the stuff in between that requires a lot
of negotiation and human interaction and
hightouch, you know, private credit or
like I said before, working through a
restructuring. You'll probably always
need human beings to do that uh that
part of the investment business. It
seems like we're entering a time as well
where governance becomes incredibly
important especially in companies. I
mean we saw this play out with open AI
like in in in the public where the
governance structure and the people on a
board matter can matter tremendously to
outcomes. This has been an area where
you've spent a huge amount of time
thinking writing investing you know a
lot of your great successes have come in
and around this topic. I want to ask all
about governance. When did you first get
interested in it? Like what sparked your
>> Yeah. Where'd it come from?
>> Well, actually my my dad uh who was a
securities lawyer was an expert on
corporate governance and wrote books
about it. Uh so I always heard about it
at home. He's actually the first person
I'd ever heard of who actually talked
about corporate responsibility. He was
on the board of Mattel and later William
Sonoma. He would go visit these
factories where they were sourcing their
materials from and wanted to make sure
that they were ethically
sourced and the workers were treated
well at Mattel or William Sonoma. So, he
was really ahead of his time on that on
that uh stuff.
>> What was he like as a person?
>> My dad was a uh incredibly funny, warm,
irreverent, really smart. He was the
only son of two uh immigrants from
Europe. My grandmother, his mother came
from Poland. His uh in 1914, his father
came from Romania in like 1898.
Incidentally, his uh his mother's
youngest sister ended up she was the
first of that family that that was born
in this country. Uh his her younger
sister founded Mattel Toys. He was a
self-made
uh person. He went to UCLA, did well,
went to Harvard Law School, and spent
most of his career at one law firm.
>> I'm curious for you to sum up if you
think about everything you've done in
governance, what good and bad governance
are, like just at the highest possible
level. How do you think about it?
>> We have an incredible system. Let's
start with that. like the the there's
something beautiful about the American
capitalist system in the in the aspect
of it that creates boards of directors
that ultimately have a role within both
capitalism and a in a democratic system
where the board is responsible for and
answerable to the shareholders is and is
responsible for um accountability for
the management setting strategy and the
key key financial decisions. So
we have a great we have a great system
in place where the shortcomings
within governance happen is when
uh the board members lose sight of what
their duties are as fiduciaries
or
the the composition of the board is such
that they aren't really equipped to
carry out that duty because there is a
lack of deep knowledge or
intellectual or talent diversity on the
board
or they are thinking excessively about
things other than their duty to
shareholders. Not to say that the board
doesn't have other responsibilities, but
I think ultimately they should feed into
creating shareholder value. If if you go
go back to both Milton Friedman and
things that Warren Buffett have said, of
course boards care about the communities
that they serve, the products, the
employees,
uh proper conduct, etc. All those things
are very important and they are not
inconsistent with creating shareholder
value. In fact, it's part of creating
shareholder value. But I think
uh especially a few years ago I think it
was the uh business roundt said we're no
longer going to
uh say that um the board's
responsibility is primarily to drive
shareholder value. It's this thing and
that thing and the other thing. Well, I
think it was a distraction from what
their real duty is. And it didn't
recognize how all these things of course
go together, you know. So the bad bad
governance I've seen is when from a
number of things. One, they let their
loyalty or relationship to a CEO who's
not up to the job overshadow their duty
to shareholders. That's probably the
main thing because the CEO, you know,
it's very important to understand the
boards the boards don't run the
companies. The the board's responsing
company, the board is strategic, not
tactical.
So they should be really focusing on
those things. But if the company isn't
isn't allocating capital well or isn't
holding the management team responsible
or there's some very obvious things that
should be done differently, that's when
we can come in. Most of the time in our
experience is we've been able to work
with existing boards in kind of
redirecting them and offering solutions
or sometimes we don't even have to get
on the board to get those things done.
kind of an you hear about the extreme
cases where we you have to or try to
shake things up where we actually you
know we have to our presence is needed
on the board to do that.
>> What have you learned about the power of
writing in investing you're obviously
extremely well known for some letters
you've written to chairs of the board
things like this uh throughout your
entire career and I just know you're a
writer. You've you've used writing in a
lot of different ways. What is great
writing to you and how do you use it?
All great writing is really about clear
thinking and organizing your thoughts,
communicating them to people in a clear
way to get a desired outcome. I would
say that you know you can also use
writing to influence and you know in our
case it's been helpful in um getting the
attention of other shareholders
sometimes the board itself shaking them
up a little bit getting media attention
focused on uh on a board I think about
you know activism you've got a few
different levers you can have uh you
know financial lever by uh you know
obviously we can make a a bid for the
company you have uh legal levers proxy
contests litigation uh information
requests etc. Social pressure is
actually a very effective way
and I think the best way to uh
to put social pressure on a company is
through writing and PR efforts around
the company. If I look across all the
different activism that you've done, it
seems like maybe there's an interesting
theme of uh you going activists on
places or people or companies that are
quite hold themselves out as quite high
status, but then they're not living up
they're not living up to it. Whether
that's ses or some of the Japanese
conglomerates or just like certain CEOs
and their family members on the board,
things like this, there's like a status
component that um would be deserved if
being earned on an ongoing basis, but
maybe the company wasn't. and and you
saw that gap as an opportunity. Do you
think that's like a is that a thing? Am
I do I see a correct pattern?
>> That's interesting. Uh certainly was the
case in Sabes.
>> Can you tell that story? That's such a
good story. Such an interesting one.
>> I'll come back to the story about Sabes
in a second. But I think all board all
boards feel board members often feel a
sense of status for being on these
boards. And I think that in itself needs
to be
dispelled because I think if you're on a
board because you are either getting
status or you're getting income
and that's your primary reason for doing
it, not for representing shareholders,
then that's where we come in to try to
um disintermediate that
um and take away some of the status or
increase the cost of of doing that. Uh,
you know, Southern Bees, I thought was
just an interesting company. It was a
pretty small
company and a small target for us. It's
actually a very good example of what
you're talking about because although it
was a public company, it wasn't really
run for the shareholders. It was run
because I think people did feel like it
was a a high a high status business. Had
been mismanaged. didn't really recover
from an antitrust violation that spilled
into kind of criminal charges brought
against the company and some of the
individuals.
And
the business itself was a a a good
business, but just run unbelievably
unprofitably.
and um you know had the company had been
around since the 1700s and some of the
business practices had not really been
updated since that time. So we took a
position we bought 9.9% of the company.
We went after the the board but really
just wanted them to implement some basic
um you know business practices that we
thought would be better. We didn't think
the the CEO that was there had sort of
come up. He was uh he didn't have a
particularly deep knowledge of art. He
came I think he came out of the rug uh
division.
Didn't really have deep relationships
with the collectors either. So we came
in and um gave him a shot for a year and
then um I think the board came to
realize he wasn't the right guy. We
brought in guy named Tad Smith who was
terrific from MSG. Uh cleaned up the
operations, improved the technology
and then um they sold the company.
>> Good result.
>> Yeah. A good result. Do you think that
there's a lot of that lurking out there
today? Like if if one wanted to start a
career and only do that, go find
companies where it was kind of mediocre
or bad management where if it was good
management, the company would do way way
way better. Do you think there's still a
lot of that out there? There's probably
some of that uh in the kind of sub2
billion
market cap space and not necessarily
even bad management but maybe B+
management,
>> not optimizing.
What we're finding is that it's almost
like a negative selection process. It's
like we'd much rather invest in in a
great company with awesome management
that's doing all the right things
and and cheer them on than kind of find
something that but for
you know mismanagement the company would
be worth a lot more because what you
find is that if um the things that
you've identified are badly run then
there's probably you know 10 times more
things that are badly run. It just gets
to be sort of a a morass.
>> One of the interesting things about
their point is that if I understand it
correctly, it's something like 60%
credit, which I think would surprise a
lot of people of just like the total
assets. And also when you started, I
think you started with no institutional
investors. It was it was individuals,
families, things like this. And it seems
like you sort of have felt your way into
the strategy. like the strategy as it
exists today probably wouldn't go on
like a clean PowerPoint deck if you were
a new firm doing this from scratch. It
would be hard to to pitch what you have
now and I'm really interested by by that
by a firm which has evolved into its
model and um it's 60% credit today and
it's a blend of other things and I'd
love to just talk about that evolution
and and why it is and the value of that
evolution versus like predicting okay
here's exactly what we're going to do.
>> Yeah. Well, first of all, third point is
a whole collection of businesses. My
main focus is on the the hedge fund
strategy
>> which started at three million. It's now
about $9 billion today. That fund itself
is about 20%.
It's about 30% credit in total. The rest
of the portfolio
uh I mean it moves all over the place.
It it it is primarily equities and I
think our equity book is generically
around 110 long by 30 or 40 short but
that can be all over the place. I mean I
think at going into the war it was down
we really dialed back our risk and we
were I think for the first time since
2009 we did have more credit exposure
than equity but we very quickly have
taken that back up but we are the hedge
fund we're still
more equity than credit but across the
fund we have
um a CLO business with about $7 billion
in it within thirdpoint itself we have
about 30% of a which would make it uh
close to $3 billion in structured credit
and corporate credit, but that's within
the hedge fund. And then we have an
insurance company that we manage about a
a billion dollars in credit for
uh we have a a couple billion dollars in
asbestous liabilities that we manage in
its own pool and we just started a
private credit business which is small.
What's the thread that unites all those
things like asbestous liability and
private credit and and corporates? Like
it it it seems kind of all over the
place.
>> Well, we haven't even talked about the
fact that we have a venture capital
business, right?
>> I've I've worked in venture capital.
I've I've I've worked in risk arbitrage.
I've worked in credit. I've worked, you
know, in equities. And I think having a
view of value
and thinking about valuing enterprises
whether there are earlier stage,
mid-stage or mature businesses and
looking to invest in whatever the
fulcrum security is in that enterprise.
Obviously for an early stage company the
only fulcrum is the equity.
>> What does that mean fulcrum? Just define
that.
>> The one that's going to have the best
riskreward.
>> Got it. Yeah. It's usually used in terms
of companies that have, you know, debt
and equity. It's more in terms of like
companies that have um they're going
through sort of like a restructuring of
some sort like do you want to be in the
equity? Do you want to be in this junior
debt? Do you want to be in the senior
debt? Credit Swiss was going through its
uh troubles and being bought by UBS. You
could invest in the in the preferred
shares.
You can invest in the hold co paper or
you can invest in the opco paper which
was most senior within the capital
structure. The fulcrum there was
actually the hold coat paper that had
the most upside but the opco paper um
also did well. The pref was wiped out.
So that was you know the wrong place to
be. There are always different
interesting places within the capital
structure to play and having a
comprehensive view of these companies
gives you
a really uh great vantage point to make
alpha generating investment decisions.
Let me give you two examples. We had a a
a workable a good enough knowledge of
Twitter and XAI to understand the equity
value of both of those businesses.
and without making a decision whether or
not we wanted to own
equity in XAI
and having not participated in in in the
Twitter deal. There were two financing
transactions that came up. One for XAI
and another one for Twitter. The Twitter
debt was a resale of the financing debt
that was offered when Elon bought the
company. Morgan Stanley sat on it for a
while. It was deep underwater. When it
got close to par, they decided to sell
it.
>> Most credit investors were really scared
and nervous to buy that even though it
was like 96 97 cents on the dollar. It
was yielding around a 12% yield. We were
comfortable enough with the underlying
value of the business and with the
fundamentals that
we made that at that time our largest
credit position. And then when uh XAI
did a a debt financing,
uh very few credit people wanted to play
in that one because there was no cash
flow, $2 million, $2 billion in revenues
and a $20 billion
uh enterprise value, but we were very
comfortable that this was a real
business. We looked at them as credit
investors, but we also were able to
bring in the resources of our kind of
private investing knowledge. Yeah, it's
a fascinating example of uh the value of
seeing across the whole ecosystem and
being able to invest however you want
which which brings me to the question of
as again as I understand it you're sort
of still the single portfolio manager
that sits on top of all these assets
across all these different buckets like
ultimately you have to make the decision
to buy or sell something.
>> Let me just push back on that. I'm the
portfolio manager of the hedge fund.
>> Yeah. But um private credit, CLOS's
operating structured credit, a high
yield business, they all have their own
PMS. I will come in if there's like an
interesting opportunity like we
superersize both of those both Twitter
and XAI
when I got involved, but I'm not even on
the investment committees of those
businesses.
>> Yeah. Okay. So, so to zoom in on just a
hedge fund where you're where you're the
PM, you mentioned before, you know, you
could be a great investor and not bother
with tech like Warren Buffett style or
something and now today the market's
whatever 70% tech or depending on how
you measure it.
>> What do you think of that complex of
companies today, the sort of Amazon,
Microsoft, Google, uh, you know, big big
technology companies relative to the
last 10 years of watching them and
investing in them carefully? Like what
what does the setup feel like to you
today?
>> I think the setup's great. I mean, you
can still buy Nvidia.
May maybe the multiple slightly higher
right now. I I mean, there's such a
catch-up trade in Nvidia at 15 times 27
12* 28 for the most dominant
fastest I don't know if it's the fastest
growing, but very fast growing company
at its size. I I looked through our
whole semis cap equipment hyperscaler
um portfolio and I thought my my
instinct was going to be okay we've got
to take profits here. I I looked at the
valuations I looked at their growth
rates unless you are really
draconian or negative and you think that
somehow the AI world is going to roll
over in 31 or 32. I think it's some of
the most attractive. Yeah, I think it's
the most attractive sector right now.
It's where the bulk of our capital is
invested.
>> As a person that was born in the sort of
value discipline and and made a lot of
money in that kind of investing, those
people who tend to have not evolved as
much would point to today and say, "Oh,
it's just like another classic example
of like a giant bubble in the making."
Do do you feel seeds of that at all?
other aspects of the market that feel
euphoric or strange or out of
>> you don't believe the capex numbers are
going to yield a return then you would
have to believe that they're just
flushing money down the toilet and that
they're not going to get a return
because the earnings are really
um strong and the multiples on that and
they might say yes but the cash flow
after capex is you know they're scoring
but these are companies also that
investing money off their, you know, for
the most part investing money off their
balance sheets and are generating
enormous amounts of cash. So I it's very
different from the dot bubble which we
were short, you know, going into and had
good numbers in those years. I just
don't see you don't have the valuation
bubble now on those companies that you
had on on on those companies back in
those days. You you you look at
Anthropic's revenue growth and the
adoption and the usefulness of its
products and the anecdotes you hear
about the next generation,
you know, mythos and what that's going
to do. You can make a good argument.
We're we're barely scratching the
surface. I mean, the you know, there's
so many layers of
of corporations that have just they're
just getting started. So, I'm in the
optimist camp in in terms of seeing this
as something that's going to play out.
>> As your business scales up, everything
gets more complex, especially your
compliance and security needs. With so
many tools offering band-aids [music]
and patches, it's unfortunately far too
easy for something to slip through the
cracks. Fortunately, Vanta is a powerful
tool [music] designed to simplify and
automate your security work and deliver
a single source of truth for compliance
and risk. There's a reason that ramp,
cursor, and snowflake all use Vanta.
[music] It frees them to focus on
building amazing differentiated products
knowing that compliance and security are
under control. Invest like the best
listeners get a special offer of $1,000
off Vanta when you go to
vanta.com/invest. [music]
I know firsthand how complex the tech
stack is for asset management firms. And
seemingly every new tool and data source
makes the problem even worse, adding
more complexity, more headcount, and
more risk. Ridgeline offers a better way
forward. One unified platform that
automates away that complexity across
portfolio accounting, reconciliation,
reporting, trading, [music] compliance,
and more. All at scale. Ridgeline is
revolutionizing investment management,
helping ambitious firms scale faster,
operate smarter, and stay ahead of the
curve. See what Ridgeline can unlock for
your firm. Schedule a demo at
ridgeline.ai. [music] What about the
rest of the world? I'd love you to tell
the Sony story, the story of going to
Japan and spending so much time there
and everything that you learned. Um, I
think it's a really colorful, cool
story, but it's also an excuse to ask
about the rest of the world and and what
you see going on there. I know you'd be
willing to invest anywhere, whereas the
American companies get basically all the
attention in markets these days. So,
yeah, whichever order you want to go,
you can tell the Sony story first as
just an example of this, but I'm just
curious how you think about everything
outside the US.
>> Israel is an interesting market. It's
kind of a a nichier market and we had uh
one one of our top investments there
that despite the war has been one of the
best performing stocks in our portfolio.
But in terms of the big markets, yeah,
there's a lot going on in Korea, Taiwan,
Japan. I'm probably more bullish on them
just in terms of a hunting ground to
find great companies. The European
markets are are just tough right now
given the regulatory environment. They
just have a different attitude about
uh business and capitalism. And you
know, we're invested in a couple
businesses there, Rolls-Royce, uh ASM,
ASML,
but the companies that are in Europe
dependent on the local economy are are
more challenged.
>> Can you tell that Sony investment story
and kind of everything you learned
through that process and what you did?
at I mean Sony was I mean at one point
we owned 7% of Sony and there there's a
list of companies that we
at one point owned significant stakes in
that had I not sold would be worth you
know in in the mid to upper single
digits billions of dollars. So
>> I feel like I hear this all the time.
[clears throat]
>> Yeah. I mean we all have that like we
sort of took two two runs at Sony. The
first time we invested in it was
basically a conglomerate. It had
obviously the main the Sony studios.
It had semiconductor business
uh a life insurance business obviously
had all the consumer electronics. We
advise them to
uh separate these businesses. Certainly
at a minimum take out the insurance
business which had no place in it and we
met with the management team. Uh we had
a big deck that we went through
and um at the end of the meeting we told
them in the interest of of transparency
we shared our investment thesis with uh
with the New York Times. Andrew Ross
Sorcin wrote the story. They went into a
panic when we told them about that and
Andrew agreed to embargo the story until
the Japanese market closed.
The story came out and they had
pre-arranged
um
us to go on a tour of their kind of
innovation center. So um but before we
went on the innovation center when we
told him that there was going to be a
story they came out and his name was Kaz
Harai the time he goes you told the New
York Times I said yeah but just the New
York Times nobody else. He says okay
just the New York Times. So anyway it
was like it it it was wild. We were
walking around the innovation center and
we're looking at our Blackberries at
that time and it was just like the story
went everywhere and
anyway it ended up being a really good
investment. They really pushed back on
everything that we recommended until you
know it took them about five years and I
think one by one they've done many of
the things they've broken out the semi
business. they partially spun out or
they plan to spin out their financial
services business. The one thing I
learned is that activism in Japan is
really hard.
>> I'll tell you what's interesting about
activism in Japan. Uh we on one of our
first trips we met with the prime
minister and we met with his right-hand
man uh uh Sugosan
and I told him I would write a paper
explaining to him why
uh activism
was good for their good for Japan as a
country and they had released something
called the three arrows.
was about fiscal, monetary and
restructuring. And my suggestion was
that they needed to include corporate
governance and in particular a focus on
return on invested capital
as part of their three arrow strategy.
And I came back to New York. I met with
Larry Lindseay and Neil Ferguson. We
wrote a threeperson paper. They did most
of the writing. Um, but we wrote a paper
for AEI. It was then picked up as an
editorial
in the Wall Street Journal and they then
adopted that. It was it was pretty cool.
But the government actually really wants
the companies to do this. It's really
the management teams that are more
entrenched because the shareholders
and the government kind of want that.
And and you've really seen progress
since we first went over there. They're
breaking up some of these cross
shareholdings.
They're um penalizing companies that
trade at discounts to book value.
There's bunch of other things. So, I
think, you know, they're definitely
moving in the right direction. If you
think about all the investments that
you've made, is there any that stands
out as the one that taught you the most
just about like how this world works? I
know I've asked this question a couple
different ways, but I'm just always
interested in these like instructive
learning by doing versus by reading. You
can read all these amazing books, The
Outsiders and Joel Greenblat's book, and
they're great, but it feels like part of
investing is you have to get hit in the
face or uh experience things to really
embibe the lessons. Is there any
investment through your career that
stands out as as one like that?
I think investing
in Danaher has been the most instructive
because it really is truly
one of the bestrun
businesses. It was also one of the first
experiences that I had investing in a
super high quality business that
internalized like some of the like best
practices of creating a corporate
operating system. My partner then,
Munie, and I actually went to Danaher
and uh got them to boil down their
five-day DBS, Danaher business system
training into a one-day
>> uh thing for us. It was really
instructive. It was a really really good
investment for about four years by
observing them by watching them kind of
incrementally improve the business
quality of the company by shedding lower
quality businesses buying higher return
on capital
uh better quality higher margin
businesses to shift from kind of general
industrials into health care. I learned
a ton and then stopped working as an
investment and the you know because of
COVID there were all kinds of
irregularities
like surges in orders and increases in
inventory and then a correction for that
and what you know all the benefits that
they got from the surge in demand that
was a tailwind became a headwind
and they still haven't um really come
out of it. It'll be interesting to see
how they navigate, you know, AI in the
next few years. We actually sold it um
and recently with the recent selloff
have gotten back in, but in a small way.
But I learned a lot about how really
thoughtful businesses think kind of phil
philosophically and deeply about their
operating system about optimizing
and motivating and inspiring their team
and even the fact that they have a
system in place and it's also been
incredibly instructive watching the
diaspora of executives.
>> Larry Culp was there, right?
>> Yeah, Larry Culp was there. Um there
have been a lot of uh other the guy from
Ingresol Rand which has been a well-run
business.
>> If you had to sum up that one day, what
was it? Just continuous some system for
continuous improvement was the thing
that you took away.
>> Cult is a little bit too strong of a
word to describe it, but they had a very
strong corporate um identity and
culture. It's one thing to say we are a
Kaizen company and we're dedicated to
continual improvement, but what they
have is a whole system of implementing
improvement across the organization.
And you know, one of my big takeaways
from that day, there were a lot of
things that I learned that day, but one
of the things I I took away is that they
would hold people very accountable and
individually
uh show when people were
underperforming. But the interesting
thing about it was that because these
things were all addressable and fixable
when they found someone that was
underperforming, it was celebrated
because instead of shamed because look,
look what all these things you're doing
wrong. We can fix those. And they did.
They do that over and over and over
again. And they do it both in terms of
operations,
working capital. And it was really cool
to just like walk around a place and
everybody it was really um amazing how
everybody's on the same wavelength
trying to accomplish that.
>> Can you talk about the insurance
business that you've that you've built
and acquisitions that you've done on the
same point about like everyone talks
about in investing the stuff you're
putting money in far less discussion of
like where the money's coming from and
Apollo has certainly done this with
Athen there's been a lot of cool
innovation in in like the liability
side. How how have you thought about it?
What have you done? What's the story?
>> We actually started an insurance
company, Denovo. It was 2010.
>> We were backed by myself, uh, Kelso and
Pinebrook,
and we started a Bermuda based
reinsurance company. And the thesis
there when we started was we have an
executive that will do these reinsurance
deals.
uh we will invest the float
all all in third point and in treasury
so sort of a barbell then we can defer
taxes get leverage on our capital green
light re at the time was trading at 140%
of book value I thought this would be
the future we'll just keep raising money
for this vehicle
the problem was that the reinsurance
business took a sharp turn for the worse
and we had some good years at third
point but we were like you know
scrambling
to offset the losses from the insurance
company. About 3 years ago, I said,
"Well,
we had the right idea, but we had the
rout we had the wrong insurance vehicle.
We were doing PNC insurance. We really
should have just done plain vanilla
annuities basically." And problem is the
annuity business though can't invest in
the hedge fund. It can only do credit.
Well, the good news is we had had about
five years when the serious point
stopped investing in my hedge fund, but
we started investing in structured
credit, corporate credit, and other
things that were either rated or more
appropriate for an insurance company.
We've done two things since then. We mer
we we merged our reinsurance company
into a closed end fund that we had in
the UK, Third Point Offshore Investors.
We reinccorporated that business from
Gernzie
to
Cayman
and we repurposed it from a closed end
investor in my hedge fund into an
insurance company. Still has some of the
investment in the hedge fund, but it now
owns our reinsurance company. That
company will then be in a position to do
more reinsurance deals, issue primary
annuities, and then third point manages
the money in private credit, structured
credit, whole loan mortgages,
um some direct lending in real estate,
some investment grade, corporate debt,
and private investment grade. But we
also put the equity of that business in
things like the junior tranches of
structured financings. But we'll also be
using it for growth equity investments.
>> What's the hardest investment lesson
that you've ever learned?
>> I would have to say our investment in
FTX. It looked great. The you know
company was growing fast. We could
verify it all on the blockchain.
uh we felt like we had some good company
uh on the cap table with us. We did it.
It just turned out there was just, you
know, it wasn't what we thought it was.
And, you know, it was painful because,
you know, I think in general, one of the
amazing things about our capitalist
system and the ability to go out and
that that venturebacked companies have
this incredible ability to go out and
raise capital for interesting ideas.
And I'd say, you know, most people are
good actors with good intentions and
we've rarely had any kind of like
mishap. Doesn't mean that you don't do
very careful due diligence. I will say
that now our due diligence process, we
definitely like check bank balances and
do like the most basic due diligence
that probably would have, you know,
turned stuff up on on this. But um if if
left alone or if he hadn't uh ended up
being a crook or or very sloppy, the
venture investments he made would have
>> like the best venture investor of this
era.
>> Cursor,
philanthropic,
Solano, everything he did. I mean, the
guy had a great nose for value. So that
was probably the the the the toughest
the mistake that we made within the last
two years. we obviously were looking for
and we've made some great short
investments in or so we've taken some
great shorts in things that are being
disrupted by AI but where we've made the
mistake is that we're controversial
but we thought we knew better that AI
wasn't really going to
you know affect
this part of the infoservices business
or these guys had pri proprietary
information that's where we've made some
mistakes now I still think there could
be a shakeout. There probably will be a
shakeout there where where there will be
some phoenixes that rise from the ashes,
but that's been kind of the investment
lesson of the last, you know, year or
so.
>> How do you guide your team through this?
You've got a bunch of extremely smart,
ambitious, I'm sure, hungry analysts,
investors, etc. What do you tell them
going into this crazy uncertainty?
>> Yeah, I mean, first of all, we all have
to just, you know, start using it. The
only way to get good at this is just to
use it. And we have people at different
levels. We have experts that we have
brought on that are native computer
scientists that are kind of coming at
this as expert AI people who are working
on specific projects. They're coaching
the team, but we're also encouraging
everyone to
use AI and um find as many applications
you can you can hire. And we do hire
like system integrators. We have a
system integrator working with us. We're
starting a new insurance company. We
talk about that a little bit later. You
know, I'm obsessive about continual
uh improvement both at individual level
and organizationally. But Claude really
is like a and it really enables you to
be an individual self-improver. It it
makes you very autonomous and like your
ability is sort of like it'll give you
back whatever you put into it. if you
put a lot of time and energy and effort
into it. So, I'm encouraging everyone to
do that. And I think, you know,
collectively, we're all sharing best
practices and, you know, some people are
running agents overnight and using tons
and tons of tokens. Other people are uh
probably more like me, just using it
more for queries and things, but you
know, we're all very involved with it.
>> Where do you feel like your in the
firm's view is the most different from
your peers these days? You know, I know
you're close with lots of the great
investors of of this era that run firms,
you know, like this one. Um, everyone's
trying to do the best they can. Where do
you feel the most out by yourself or
distinctive in how you view the world? I
>> I I think we're probably more optimistic
or or you say that maybe less
pessimistic that there's going to be
some kind of, you know, apocalypse from
AI. Like I I'm still pretty optimistic
that it will create opportunities and
create jobs and create net jobs.
Obviously, it'll lose in some places,
gain in other places. I think the the
differentiator for us is that we can
always uh we can always uh default into
credit investing and when things get I
mean we haven't been in a scenario where
we had like a real credit cycle
but I'm very comfortable investing in um
incredibly stressed times. We really
haven't had any since 2020. So going
back to like COVID what the thing that
we got really right because we had a
good year that year but it wasn't
because we piled into stocks we piled
into you know IG credit when it was so
maybe that's answering the question a
little bit differently.
>> Why do you suppose more places don't do
that? It seems like it would be an
obvious thing to provide an advantage
have more options for expressing a zoo.
>> It's so different like I grew up in
credit. I I worked on a trading desk.
You don't just, you know, electronically
trade bonds. You have to have
relationships with these firms. You
know, part of the reason for expanding
into the the CLLO business is that we we
had the high yield market, trillion half
dollar market, pretty wellwired. We were
sort of dabbling in the broadly
syndicated loan market, which is another
trillion half dollars. But we also have,
you know, eyes on a $6 trillion
structured credit market. But these are
not markets that lend themselves to to
tourism when the opportunities really
come up. We're already there with the
relationships and the understanding the
companies.
>> What makes a great analyst today in any
way that's distinctive from what made a
great analyst 20 years ago or something
like that? Like how has that changed? If
you if you picture like the most
talented analyst here right now, whoever
that is, what what are they like?
Yeah, I think that the great analyst 20
years ago
was like someone that could build a a
model really fast and understand
um
some really complicated
restructuring like when I was I'll use
myself as the example of that ancient
dinosaur of an analyst that used to be
useful like when I was at Jeff Drexel
went bankrupt and there was a thick
disclosure understatement about
3 or 4 in thick on this bankruptcy of a
company called Drexel Burnham and this
thing got passed around and nobody could
crack the code on this thing
and I was relatively new and I knew I
had to differentiate myself. So I just
spent like a whole weekend studying this
thing and ultimately that was one of the
best investments ever in the history of
bankruptcies was the claims on Drexel
because people didn't understand the
complexity of the different value pools
and liquidations and the claims were
overstated, the assets were understated,
but it was super complicated and that
was the kind of thing that
differentiated the analysts of the 90s
when I did that or even the 2000s. I
think now it's somebody who's like a
Gavin Baker type, a junior Gavin Baker,
somebody who understands a company or
understands an industry and understands
the nuances of a technology. Let's get
away from technology for a minute. Um,
Casey's General Stores, like why was
this one of the best performing stocks?
It looked like a, you know, it looked
like a tech stock. Uh, it was because
they were not a convenience store chain.
and they were a pizza chain
>> kind of masquerading as convenience
stores. had an analyst who went to Texas
and ate pizza and saw you know so that
kind of an analyst today I think you
know is what
>> was different
>> if you think about the next 10 years for
yourself
>> and everything going on in markets feel
like we're all lucky to be alive to
watch this era what excites you the most
about this next 10ear period as an
investor and you're lucky you have all
these resources and you can invest in
anything and credit, equity, whatever.
And then what worries you the most?
>> The thing that worries me the most is
just not having the time to do the
things that I care about, you know,
spending the time with my family or
being able to go surfing and read books
that I want to read. Um,
not really worried about like the
business. So you have good process,
good, you know, invest things with good
value. And the thing that excites me is
just the the things that have excited me
that kind of keep me going. I mean, God,
what a what a awesome opportunity to be
able to incorporate
everything that you can possibly know
about the world that's relevant. to
study industries, to study technology,
to study consumer behavior, to look at
the US economy, look at politics, to
travel to the Middle East, where which I
think is probably the most vibrant
interesting part of the world. I mean,
who would have thought
20 years ago or even three years ago
Bahrain,
the Emirates,
Saudi, Morocco, Azar Bjan would be
better allies to the US than NATO?
>> Crazy. And who would have thought that
their growth rates would weigh exceed
them or that their, you know, growth and
their embracing of technology. That's
the stuff that keeps me going. It's like
just being able to incorporate
all these different things and also to
form relationships with people that are
doing interesting things. Jeremy O'Brien
who founded Syquantum and talk about
quantum computing or Elad Ros who
started Next Silicon or the CEOs of the
companies that we invest in. I've got to
know Mitch Rails from Danahert.
>> It's so cool to finally hear about it
directly and do this with you. When I do
these, I ask the same traditional
closing question of everyone. What's the
kindest thing that anyone's ever done
for you?
>> Gosh, I you know, I thought about that
because I knew the question was coming
and I had a lot of different ways to
answer it. But before I answer that, I
do want to talk about like the
importance of kindness. And I know you
know it's important because you ask this
question every time you interview
someone. And it's important
on on many levels because I think if you
kind of elevate kindness as
a characteristic that you want to
elevate in your hierarchy of things that
you want to be honest and truthful and
smart, clever, innovative, whatever.
Like I think kindness is it's it's it's
it's very important. I think it goes
with like forming deep relationships
with people. I think kindness enables
you to be empathetic. That enables you
to connect with people to learn from
them to be better as a human being and
and ultimately I hate to sound crash but
ultimately it will benefit your your
your business. So I will say on on the
kindness front, be kind to the people
not just that will benefit from you. Be
kind to people you have no idea how it
will ever benefit you. And and and
sometimes it will and sometimes it
won't. Sometimes you just, you know,
connect with someone who thinks you're a
better person.
>> Good for its own sake. But anyway, I I I
came down to my friend uh Carter who
when I was, let's just say in between
jobs before I started at Jeffre, I had
about a six or nine month period where I
wasn't working. And he let me sleep on
his couch. And then when I got my job at
Jeff,
I suggested to him a bunch of different
distressed debt situations. and uh he
trusted me with a few hundred,000 of his
money and then it turned into a little
over a million dollars and then he then
rolled that into my fund and uh it
really enabled me to get my business
started. So that was one of the kindest
things. I want to say one other thing on
the kindness topic. Gavin actually said
this and I think he was quoting uh
Palmer Lucky. He said, uh, the one thing
money doesn't buy you is
friends that believed in you when you
had nothing. [laughter]
>> It's a great line.
Amen. Shout out to Carter,
Dan. Thanks so much for your time.
>> All right. Thank you very much.
>> You know how small advantages compound
over time? That's true in [music]
investing and just as true in how you
run your company. Your spending system
is your capital allocation strategy.
[music] RAMP makes it smarter by
default. Better data, better decisions,
better economics over time. See how at
ramp.com/invest.
As your business grows, Vant scales with
you, automating [music] compliance and
giving you a single source of truth for
security and risk. Learn more at
vant.com/invest.
Every investment firm is unique and
generic AI doesn't understand your
[music] process. Rogo does. It's an AI
platform built specifically for Wall
Street, connected to your data,
understanding [music] your process, and
producing real outputs. Check them out
at robo.ai/invest.
The best [music] AI and software
companies from OpenAI to Cursor to
Perplexity. Use Work OS to become
enterprise ready overnight, not [music]
in months. Visit works.com to skip the
unglamorous infrastructure work and
focus on your product. Ridgeline is
redefining asset management technology
as a true partner, not just a software
vendor. They've helped firms 5x and
scale, enabling faster growth, smarter
operations, and a competitive edge.
Visit ridgelineapps.com [music] to see
what they can unlock for your firm.